Questions, comments, concerns,
cause of outrage, deep meditations?
>> Maybe worth asking
the question here for folks.
But where have you found success
managing secrets for CI/CD processes for
things where you have to store usernames,
passwords,
credit cards, to do checkout flows,
or stuff like that?
>> Yeah, I personally was fortunate
enough not have to work on
the checkout process part.
For us, all of it depends
on the company size, right?
I think at SendGrid we used Amazon key,
something or other, AKS.
At Twilio it was, I think,
something bespoke.
Right now with the parts in Temporal or
API keys,
it is usually just encrypted environment
variables and stuff along those lines.
Those are usually features managed by
the build processes themselves, right?
Cypress is somewhat kinda
agnostic to them and
just kinda pulls them in from
the environment variables, but yeah,
I think making sure that
those are encrypted.
And again, I think it all at a certain
scale, yeah, you have a team running it.
But I think if it's your open source
project or something very small,
Travis has them, I know that, GitHub
Actions has them, Buildkite has them.
Where you put in the environment variable,
it's encrypted,
you can never see it again, nobody can
ever see it, you can only replace it.
And those are for
the kind of simpler use cases, right?
Obviously, when you get
to enterprise scale,
you're worrying about key rotation and
stuff along those lines.
And ideally automating some of that as
well, so that individual teams are not
doing it because we know what happens
when individual teams have to do that.
They don't.
So you have those things kind
of like in place like that.
The question was, is there a way
to run a subset of the tests?
I think that you can do a Matcher.
But for the things that have changed,
I don't really know the answer to
that question, to be totally honest.
Because it's a tricky
philosophical question, right?
Every time we've thought about,
we should totally have that cuz our
test suite is running too long, right,
ultimate we always decided, no,
we don't want to do that, right?
Because at what level of confidence
do you trust a tool that is
trying to guess what files changed and
then what routes changed?
I know that it just has that for your unit
test, and I don't even trust it for that.
I trust it for a pre-push hook, but
I don't trust it for
our build process, right?
Because the cost benefit isn't
really great at any kind of scale.
Do you know what I mean?
The cost of it not being correct for
the benefit of the saved time.
Pre-push hook, yeah,
checks the stuff I changed.
But while I'm waiting for
a code review anyway, I definitely,
again, something, something Selenium,
have seen situations where
the integration test suite is so
long running that it's unbearable and
it's slows down the team.
But with I think a lot of the site
processing in a lot of cases,
I traditionally find that
the turnaround time for
code review is longer than it
takes to run the pipeline, right?
I think when that changes, then maybe it's
time to think about that kind of stuff.
But I always ask myself that question, and
then I never go through with it, because
of those reasons of, am I comfortable
with getting even slightly wrong?
Yep?
>> On that note,
especially as we're getting things
like videos and things dumped back,
do you have any experience or
knowledge of team reviews?
It would be analogous to a code review,
right?
But we'd be actually reviewing the test.
Testing results is part
of the code improvement.
>> Yeah, that's interesting.
I think it's a really great idea, right?
I think about how it's always happened for
me,
which is when the complaining gets high,
[LAUGH] right?
The builds are always failing.
And then you have that meeting and
then you have it, right?
But I like the idea of it
as a purposeful mechanism
rather than the complaint cuz
I don't know how about you.
Somebody suggests, we should turn
off the tests [LAUGH] all right?
And they have reactions.
I've been there for that conversation.
Someone goes,
I think we need to turn off the test.
And that's usually when
those conversations happen.
By that point, it's gotten like we're
talking about the length of the test,
the flakiness,
cuz it's usually not the tests, right?
It's usually some other like, okay,
how are we simulating the environments,
are we running too many end-to-end tests?
Did my test fail cuz I'm
running it in staging and
another team broke their own API in
staging, and now my tests are failing?
Right, that's where you kinda hear my
voice fall if someone's mocking at
the APIs as the right choice.
Cuz I have been burned by a team
who didn't even ship those changes.
They were trying them on staging,
they broke their thing.
Our tests are running against their
staging APIs and staging environment.
Our tests are breaking, we don't know why,
we think our tests are flaky.
People want to turn off the test, right?
And that's the kind of interesting
piece around all of that.
But I like the idea of,
we know these are common things, right?
Again, with the Cypress dashboard,
there's ability to see what
the flaky tests are, right?
Having a periodic review or almost a
postmortem of sorts to kind of figure what
the bottom of the issue is,
I think it's super interesting idea.
>> Someone asked about the longest
test suite you've seen and
what would the longest acceptable be,
in your opinion?
>> I've think I've seen
ones that run 24 hours.
[LAUGH] All right.
>> Weekly build.
[LAUGH]
>> Yeah, right, and I mean some things,
like you can see a world where you
do a full integration test, right?
What we typically do for
that is we will run it on a cron, right?
I think other than that,
on the kind of PR level,
when the tests are starting
to take longer than a code.
When it is the blocker for you shipping,
I think it's when you're dancing
on the threshold of acceptability.
But you can imagine a world where you have
these more in-depth tests where you don't
necessarily need them
running on every change, but
maybe once a night, right, or
something along those lines.
So that if it's kind of a major release or
something like that,
that you're catching it
before it gets really bad.
Cuz you're running or
staging or something like that.
That will kind of get you most of
the benefit, I think, early on.
>> That's where the benefit of
something like suites would be helpful.
Where you have the PR suite,
that's the gut check.
And then the staging suite, that's like,
I don't want it in front of
customers until it does [CROSSTALK].
>> Yeah, exactly.
Cool, thank you all so much.
>> [APPLAUSE]